do don't know if I can come back this is
crazy what's up I don't know if I can
come back
[Music]
this is not clickbait this is real and
extremely complicated I'm gonna let
Darren explain later on in the episode
exactly what's going on and why you will
no longer be with us for a while now
this is probably a time you'd expect us
to make a depressing video telling you
how sad and unfair it is to see Darren
being forced to leave but actually we're
here today with quite the opposite plan
because the truth is nothing motivates
us and puts fire under her ass is more
than feeling cornered which is why we've
decided to take this opportunity to
Double Down and launch the next phase of
yes theory and finally give you a hint
of the master plan behind everything
we're building see our goal with the yes
Theory YouTube channel moving forward is
to turn every single day of the week
into a separate unique show all the
shows will be everything you love about
his theory but on steroids will have to
elaborate more on this another day
Sundays will continue being exclusively
dedicated to the seek discomfort travel
show while our brand-new show will now
air on Tuesday ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the yes theory house show
[Music]
see a year and a half ago the four of us
moved into this house in Venice Beach
California and realized there was way
too big of a space not to share with
others so something we never told you is
that we turned this into an incubator
for young creatives and entrepreneurs so
we're only missing the space to
cultivate and grow their vision we're
now seven guys living in one house
chasing our dreams and growing his
theory into a movement that inspires
young people from around the world to go
after what truly makes them happy now
for that to become a reality we're
building an entire ecosystem around the
movement to empower you with tools and
connect you with like-minded individuals
we're building an app launching a
festival creating a boardgame and
opening yes theory incubator houses all
over the world so this show is gonna be
about friendship hustle and your healthy
dose of messing around in grandma smooch
if you're wondering what this means and
how we're gonna build all of this
I guess you not have a reason to tune
into the house show on Tuesdays to see
it for yourself we are damn serious
about everything you just heard so you
better keep us accountable to all of it
we're not here to become the next big
youtubers we're here to spark a king
revolution I guess it's time for Darren
to explain why he's leaving oh my god
someone in the US consulate in Istanbul
got arrested some Turkish dude and the
United States was like okay you were
suspending all visa situations I'm
leaving the country they say they're
canceling services for the embassy in
Ankara it's crazy I agree you should
leave but don't flip either it's not
like you can't leave the country this is
like actually being it's like because
exactly like this can blow over tomorrow
and that will it will all be fine or
this can go to extremes like this has
never been done nobody can apply for a
visa from Turkey to go to
so this is in Turkey yes but there I
don't know if they're gonna make it any
easier if you're gonna apply from
anywhere else but you're gonna leave
tomorrow so I wasn't even supposed to be
on in yes theory I was supposed to stay
on my friend's couch in Montreal little
did I know Amara and Thomas were also
staying there and the first night I just
want to spend time with my friend but he
sent me out with the guys to film kind
of pushing me out and the rest is
history these three guys and now today
have accepted me and my point of view
which was so different from theirs and
I've learned so much from them whether
it's Matt's discipline a Mars like
genius ability to put different ideas
together to create a synthesis Thomas's
perfectionism and harped entities
dedication and obsession I have four
hours
somewhat less for my plane to liftoff
I'm moving six months back to Canada to
complete a permanent residency
obligation and if I don't go back right
now I might lose that opportunity and
unfortunately the situation with the
Turkish and the US government's where
they have both banned each other visas
from their own countries has been quite
worried so I bought a ticket to the neck
stay and I'm leaving in kind of a hurry
I will be helming a couple of yes--there
projects while I'm in Canada these
projects will be designed to get you out
of your comfort zone one of them being
the newsletter we have some other
amazing stuff coming out and I cannot
wait to share and bring those to you
this is the longest relationship I've
been in I've been with the guys for two
years and it is gonna be rough to with
they're all from all of this but I leave
not with the fear of what's about to
come some sadness yes but I leave with
the joy and the lessons and the
knowledge and everything that you and
these guys and yes theory have
contributed to so thank you bye I'll see
you on the newsletter but then you're
gonna miss your plane yeah maybe
what are you doing it leaves in an hour
and a half and it takes 30 minutes to
get there and it's an international
flight what yeah what do you mean no
it's not
he said that's fine it's an
international flight
[Music]
around the camera right there
look at these cuties yeah what if I just
hold it so this show is gonna be about
what is it about know what's the show
about friendship
like this and your healthy dose of
messing around is that Grandma smooch
and your healthy it is of messing around
and your healthy dose of messing around
the elephant and grams coming
[Music]